
Jinvithal 😁

If I was a fish how many arms would I have?

Maserati

If I was a hotdog, I would be. Yup

Jit Ass Chicken https://discord.com/channels/609381622189391902/671090896372105238/1204524160336920607

Dude peeing is so FUCKING FUN brackets I'm doing it again.

If

If (I_was_a_fish == True)
{
        Console.WriteLine("I would have a permanent fisheye lens.");
}
else
{
       Console.WriteLine("I have normal ass boring lame ass eyes.");
}

:tompog:

suburbans

If I have a brain, ears, hands, nose, and, eyelids does it make me human? Or does it merely make me alive?

Missourah

Fourteen maggots in a hole. It is frozen on the inside. Thank you.

If I was a horse.... WOWZA!!

Had the most heavenly and divine cup of tea yesterday, oh how I crave that sensation once more...

Thanks Bitsquidd, you really get me on a deep and personal level.

Crickets have it so good man.

Whoever invented butter needs a raise.

Smack it in some potatoes or on bread or cook food in it its literally the best form of fat and or oil.

Dude life is freaking awesome.

Dude. Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuddeee.

Eatin' the fuck out of my casserole and mash thinking about how good life is.

Accidently eated a small handful of Apple Seeds.

If I was a gun right about now.... Yessir life would be good.

AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!! It's so late I should go to bed right now. However, it's Lidl time.

Waking up early is the key to everything. Sad? Wake up early. Hungry? Wake up early. Early onset dementia? Wake up early. Chronic back pain? Wake up early.

Top ten burgers for the next fourteen days. Number 1: Hello. Number 2: The one I'm about to have. Number 3: Chicken. Number 4: I put butter in the pan. Number 5: A character just swore in the show im watching, he said f*cking. Number 6: I hope you're having a good day. Number 7: Salmon burger probably. Number 8: Four beef burgers stacked on top of one another. Number 9: Six eggs. Number 10: @Chom

Fourteen hundred.

[11/02/2024 22:59] vodster.
Started a thread.

Still thinking about peanuts. How fucking stupid are they. They don't retain their iconic peanut shape when you eat them. Fucking scam really. Where are the edible parts of the peanut stored within the shell? Are there two edible peanut flesh parts, one per bubble of shell, or is it simply one lodged in the middle, or even archaically only one flesh part within a single random side of the peanut shell?

The pitter patter of a small dogs paws touching a hard surface after I've launched it legs first into a plane flying overhead 🥰

The Time Is 12:34.

I am at peace with the world, now all I need is a watermelon.

Okay, what? What?

Toaster, coaster.

It is 12:34 on Valentines Day

God DAMN I'm Jinvithaling.

The way I wish I was a coconut, watching the game being played so badly, lack of senses is what I crave.

:3

If you cant play drink pong you don't deserve to exist I think.

Do you think trees fuck with us?

When the cup pong game is taking too long but you want to drink now

There is every type of person in the world.

:Walk:

I'm fourteen people.

Huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh!

Fifteen blinkers off the fent cart im off to sleep.

I am going to check my phone. He did WHAT?!!?

Two burgers are not good for the caffeine levels in the blood.

If anybody has a better discord client, you are actively ruining #〔😁〕jinvithoughts for yourself. I sometimes make mistakes in my thoughts and have to correct them.

On my silly shit. #sillybilly

Simple syrup is typically a 1:1 ratio of sugar to water gently heated until all of the sugar is dissolved; usually for the purpose of adding sweetness to various drinks and cocktails.

Just saw a horse.

Feeling: Angry 😡😡

Cat named Stapler

Damn this apple is really good.

I finished the apple an hour ago what am I doing here

Bag flipper.

I think theres bleach in rice.

Thinking about gun synonyms.

FNAF Security Breach is definitely in the top 400 games of 2022 OBJECTIVE FACT.

Fourteen.

If you stole someone elses larynx do you think you would sound like them, either blowing through their throat like a flute or replacing your own.

Carrots and such.

Do you think cavemen had a concept of Judaism?

Broke hoes incarnate.

Swiftly. Appreciated.

Speed may just be the most valuable statistic

How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if I killed it with a hammer?

V12 Engine.

I have made a punctuation error somewhere in this channel and it is killing me.

I think.

The team are teaming™️.

I feel so bad for computers only being able to speak in 1's and 0's, it must get so lonely.

Lost to the perpetual goon; edge cycle, unfortunate.

I do not know how often I think anymore, perhaps only once or twice a week.

How efficient of a wiping method do you think just stuffing as much toilet paper up your log cutter would be?

The slang phrase of talking out ones neck makes very little sense without the recipient of the comment having a tracheotomy.

If I was a sand particle, possibly floating through the otion as debris kicked up by a particularly unruly fish, I would simply be in the most perfect state of being. No capabilities to think, just experience the crashing waves of the ocean, lapping the beachfront - occasionally landing a few drops of water on my being, perhaps drenching me even, the wind blowing through my non hair,  my fellow sand brothers surround me - particles vibrating in the hot summer sun, keeping my sandy body warm from all sides - with the sun taking care of the top of course, all adding up to keep me in a perpetual state of bliss. What a life that would be. I would only ever be a beach sand you would never catch me in a desert (I'm sand racist)

I don't give a fuck bitch I'm killing you.

I'm gon' pop it off. I'm gon' pop it off. I'm gon' pop it off.

I think my one regret on my deathbed will be that I didn't play enough Overwatch.

:tompog:

Jinvithal 😁

Just peed and a little pee came out.

If I came into a large sum of money, I would most certainly begin popping bottles and then perchance move onto killing people.

Spending my cash on racks, dollars, and money.

ME ME ME ME ME ME ME!!!

What it was. What it is.

Sometimes even I don't know what my thought means some of these must be incoherent slop to the masses.

Guy that sexually harasses women but really romantically.

I bet it's as pink as the sky the first night we met.

I want to start saying bitch more so I think I will.

Just touched down, but one question. Why?

Pumping more alcohol into my body I feel like P-Diddy (I have no clue who that is)

Thinking about cats, and they most certainly do be a catting!

How many times a day do I have to tell you damn camels to STOP SPITTING AT ME.

Damn animals.

I like- I like- I like strawberries.

I'm off the goop.

Who put this shit together?

 (pinned)
I wanna be one of those old men that shout at kids in the streets like 'you darn whippersnappers!' but with zoomer words suck as 'fuk outa here u fukelyutes, real ahh jittleyangs finna get clocked' etcetera.

Z z z z z z z z z z.

I've just clocked that I say gr-arse when my family say gr-ahs. How did this happen? It makes no sense that I would develop a different speaking pattern than those around me.

Me me mah mah mi mi mi me mo me mo me mo.

Thought.

Gordon Ramsey tongue kissing a mirror.

It's currently the weird transitional period between night and day which I believe to colloquially be called 'evening'. I never traverse this area in this light and it feels super surreal.

Need an autistic girl to mentally ruin me for life. #VanLife #VanLifers #Instagram #Trending

Chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chip chop chop chop chop.

If I killed a man would I be?

Loving yourself except it's hating yourself and it's just jacking off in reverse.

The genuine thought of wasting hundreds of hours over the next few weeks all so I can mess with some annoying Overwatch players on twitter is not something that I should be actually considering. Someone please fix me.

What does the fox say? Ring-ding-ding-ding-ding-da-ding, ring-ding-ding-ding-ding-da-ding!

To pee, or not to pee? That is the question

Just wait 'till I finally get rid of these damn owls.

How do I reverse the polarity on my nipples?

How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck cows?

She gleek glark meep barp deek dark. Blark!! BWAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.

Stalingrad.

Cross the street I don't look twice. 🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕

2:22 Cider.

Ahh, drat! I'm missing my 4:44 cider.

Lowkey, I'm juicy.

Juice-maxxing the way I'm splingle dong wangle mangle fangle nangle. MINIONS 2 RISE OF GRU!!

I'm awake, but once more, why?

Moral of the story is I'm tired and want to go back to sleep but have responsibilities such as taking care of the kids (going to my uni lab).

Used up all my juice, one could say that I'm dry.

I want to punch a wall over and over until either I die or the wall does.

Deedeldeedeldeedeldeedeldeedeldeedeldeedeldeedeldeedeldeedeldeedeldeedeldee.

Smosh 2?

If we eliminate at least 14 million people a week, we'll be done in a year!

Freaky guys and yellow squares with mouths.

She suck on my juice like a fruit fly. 😍😍 (I'm back on my juice grind.)

Having sex with a public park.

I wish I could stream all of my Jinvithoughts directly into everyones brains. Life would be good.

That one guy that liked to paint the soup cans,

just squeezed the contents of my water bottle into my mouth now im storing a small amount in my upper lip to save for later.

Too many fingers.

Every day I strive for a higher amount of silliness that simply isn't possible, every time I go to attempt I get soul crushingly defeated.

Right after saying this I went drinking for 10 hours straight.

The scent of our rooms is the culmination of everything thats ever been in there.

I keep finding small scabs on my upper thighs, why is my blood trying to escape me via osmosis?

Who invented the word bust?

All I need is a girl who'd be okay with me repeatedly suffocating her then resuscitating her over and over until I'm eventually killed by one of my many, MANY opps and she lives to tell the tale and becomes a national hero. Then my life would be complete.

On my Jesus narrative.

Did you guys know the Norwegian snow leopard has been known to hunt and kill as many as twelve hares in a single day! WOW. Now thats one powerful leopard.

Pocket watchers be like: Ooh and here we have the back left jean pocket, a very classy piece.

I need a reverse personal trainer - someone that just follows me around telling me that I need to get lazier.

Wearing red socks.

The finest hoes are the ones with no brain. @John H. Nutting

Schitzoposted so hard I got someone arrested.

Six month long mania session.

Mmm this is a good apple.

I think my garlic may have killed someone? It's covered in blood and looks suspicious.

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1204479735363670056/1238524652356243577/IMG_5783.jpg?ex=686d43f7&is=686bf277&hm=741821ba11040903acc7ecdd0dd11075991a720221c70c351b351dcde041f699&

My fucking god, JOY team!!!!!

Making scrambled eggs at the function.

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1204479735363670056/1238950644254117989/IMG_5784.jpg?ex=686d7f34&is=686c2db4&hm=7580a757289d55b2719ad8ef01c07dc74f9c19cf70b250e4f189fe575a6d5dcb&

I smell good.

Talk like a dodo bird.

Ocean salt mine collapse.

^ This sounds like it could be the name of one of those overly British sounding bands.

Dude I'm peeeeeeeiiiiiiinnnngg.

Dude I'm so happy all the time now I just don't get how people can be sad. Like what? Just go do something you love idiot.

Nevermind. I get it now. I would do anything to be able to relive certain memories. I would change absolutely nothing.

Chickpeas are so unserious.

Gleegbeloolegally.

Just put an egg in my mouth im like wow.

I had a funny thought yesterday but I forgot it.

OOH! I remembered it: Some barbers trim facial hair too, when are they gonna start trimming pubes aswell?

I just burped with such vigour that it had made me feel incredibly sick.

^ It wasnt even loud it was just gumptous and stayed purely in my throat.

I wonder if horses in red dead ever get sad that you're storing dead animals on their bum.

I think the first meal I'm going to ask for when I get home is a chicken burger.

How many birds to make a stew?

The morn is good not. I need to be reprimanded.

I would like to eat a single grain of rice?

The acoustics of my keyboard have changed drastically since moving back home for the summer, much more hollow sounding, I don't really mind it, but I definitely notice it more than before.

If I was French and my kids had an American accent I think I would be depressed.

KitKat Chunky.

Mental boom is such a funny phrase like, yaaassss girl you blow up your brain slaaayyy.

Please send me kissing applications through the mail.

If somebody swapped your body with a fish, and you had to swap into their old body to try and get your body back, what lengths would you go to to get your body back? For some additional context their body is decomposing and you have to go on a mission where theres a 50% chance you die trying to get your original body back. Do you think its worth the risk of dying to become you again or would being a fish with a humans brain just be chill?

It's already June, like, what's next? July? Fuck this man. Fuck everything.

Drinking lemon juice straight from the thing :3.

Just sneezed so hard I cut my lip open.

Loaded my pc to see a notification from a group chat, only to open it to see the notification was in fact the message I sent 10 minutes ago from my phone.

I want to freeze a wasp.

Everyone into your cryo-sleep pods!

Guitar riff.

Can you guess what I'm thinking about?

To make.

I think a good curry ranks higher on the pleasure scale than a prostate exam.

I should get two identical plants and give one only milk.

Alright, who punched me in the throat last night. I know it was one of you.

Man that's dressed in full SS attire, but has genuinely no clue what a Nazi is.

Finally got the one thing all men crave - a mango shake.

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1204479735363670056/1253694406779867217/IMG_5827.jpg?ex=686d14e7&is=686bc367&hm=5fdc26dece7490daea6c3e6b7c323b6d11d66b8ad9bd9ea9d0f33f92aa5ffa94&

#London #2024

Just saw some old woman with braids. Life changing stuff out here folks.

Saw a woman sleeping on the grass outside the Google building in London. Really sticking it to the big guys.

Big ass bridge if I cross it where I go?

Fuck video games, those books that would tell you which page to flip to based on what you wanted to happen were the best form of interactive media.

If I was in power I would create a new holiday called pet my dog day where everyone has to line up infront of my house to pet my dog and maybe give her a little treat if they're lucky.

Just stared into the sun for so long that whenever I close my eyes I see a seal.

If I get rich when I'm older, I'm going to invent a product called Permanent Olive Oil™️, and It's just regular olive oil, except if any gets on your skin it's just stuck there permanently.

Cars 4: Drunk Driver

If I was a drug addict, I simply wouldn't get withdrawals.

How do piss kinks work in the Cars™️ universe? Do they just leak petrol into each others fuel tanks?

The amount of Michaels.

I don't like to think about medieval Germany, I only think about medieval England.

Medieval Bovaria must've been so nice now that I think about it.

Banana scientist who just makes new inventions out of bananas. Maybe a banana buttplug?

I think children should be stupider - like let's just have kids running around not knowing what a banana is. Let them not know things, let them enjoy life. They aren't adults yet they don't need to know these complex things like the names of fruits and shapes. Let's just let kids be kids again.

I think a super scary dream would be if you were asleep and dreaming, but didn't know you were dreaming, hence making it scary, and you couldn't find your genitals. Obviously you would be dreaming so they would most likely still be there, but you don't know that you're asleep so you not being able to find your genitals would be super scary. Most people want to keep their genitals so the thought of them being missing is naturally alarming, and obviously, you would be asleep so you would have no idea that what is currently happening, i.e. your genitals being missing, is just a figment of your imagination as you are asleep and dreaming.

To add to this, alot of things in dreams can be scary since very unrealistic things can happen, since it's all just fake events created by your dozing mind, this can lead to some unrealistic but still real feeling dreams, in this case your genitals being missing, as your brain is unable to discern the fact that the events are unrealistic and possibly a dream, making it way scarier, since if you were just to think about your genitals being missing, it's not that scary, but if you actually thought they were missing you would be scared, and you dreaming would make you more likely to think that they're actually gone, which would be quite scary.

She Mike all over the place.

Chewing tobacco except its weed?

@Chom I am going to gather the seven relics to imbue myself with necromancy powers, after which I shall dig underneath your home and revive your father, except he will be a twisted version of himself; half Markus, half super Hitler. He will then kill you.

Ironic how people shorten Princess Diana's name to Princess Die, because she's dead.

Corn is the single biggest fraud in the modern western diet. We can't even digest it, its just complete waste food. Fuck corn.

I wish I could perfectly imbue my messages with sounds so you would all know exactly what I'm thinking, because sometimes it's just sounds or various semi-musical clangings.

Whoever had the idea that killing people is BAD, is a fucking idiot.

If I had a pigeon I would.

I think that Neuralink should  be used to kill people with epilepsy, just project flashing light and colours directly into their brains.

Fourteen lemons versus an orange - who wins?

I think someone needs to put yogurt in tea instead of milk. Not me though.

What would it be like if there were only 8 million people in the world? My toe hurts.

I need 400 chickens someone get me 400 chickens.

Reverse ADHD but you need depressants to get to back to normal.

I should do that.

How do I know your?

How many grapes can you fit in your mouth?

Blankets truly are a timeless adventure because even in two hundred thousand years the world will still get cold sometimes maybe because I'm pretty sure we'll be in an ice age. Just like the movie!

Why isn't Batman Begins about Batman being born? Like it's so clearly not the beginning.

Multiple animals a day go un-punted.

The top 10 land animals are also aquatic!

How many dogs does it take to change a lightbulb? NONE! THEIR GENDER! 😂😂🤣

If I drop an amethyst have I just bedazzled the ground?

Bedazzling my dog except I'm not doing that at all and I just pet her.

Fire emoji fire emoji lake emoji.

Backless chairs but they still have armrests or armless chairs with the backs?

What if waking someone up mid dream killed them? That could literally be used as an untraceable murder method.

GUMMY WORM BELT!!!!!

I never knew so many days.

Pocketed brackets need to be more widely accessible, known and freaking used.

Carrying dog break.

Beach towels are probably like dust to beaches.

YAAAAAWWWWNNN.

Never thought I'd see the day I yawn so hard my eyes bleed.

Broadband.

More people need to do silly dances at their dogs I think.

Brandine Brandy.

In bed. Greepling.

Ex-general of the military here. Yes; this is true.

If dogs could sweat mine wouldn't anyway.

Banana chiropractors must make so much money.

I ate those once.

Porb stop!

My mango has blown up. ):

Sauced up hoe I'm jumping around like Assassins Creed 2.

No clue what a creed is but I'm starting my own. Mail me a fiver with a return address to get in.

More people need to laugh at their toilet roll. Fuckers are just there all the time.

Bossman, you want curry sauce with that? Aight yeah yeah, mushy peas too? Aight no worries yeh, yuno what, I'll even throw in a complementary crepe an' that.

What colour microwaves the best?

If you look beyond the crayons, crayons look really good.

One day, I am gonna take over the world, and everyone will be happy. 👍

Static, pole, workhorse, John 2:12.

Super Mario 64 says "So long gay Bowser!". Why was Super Mario 64 looking at how long Bowser was?

If I am lying may god kill my kids right now. 🙏🙏

The more naps per nap you take the more times I eat you.

Krombobulous I am coming!

What did Ted Bundy all have in common?

I am the only one to EVER, be beyond myself. No-one else HAS or WILL EVER go so above and beyond, that mass hysteria ensues. Lighthouse 5. If I was making a map, game or otherwise,  there would have to be a horribly misnamed place; such as Lighthouse 5-8 despite it maybe not being a lighthouse or maybe it not being either Lighthouse 5, 6, 7 or 8 but maybe Lighthouse 12.

Red Dead Redemption 2: Micheal Edition. It's just normal RDR2 except you play as a completely irrelevant character called Micheal and you just follow the gang around and everyones all confused and gossiping about who you are. Nobody ever invited you to the gang you just found them because of mission markers, but they also don't try to shoot you because you help them and such, obviously because it's the same game the gang just don't know who you are. You never say anything and you just sorta chill until the cool shooty missions start then they sorta just accept you because you've been there for like at least a month and have only helped.

Anteaters are so funny like imagine sticking your tongue down a hole in the ground and sucking like a straw for 30-40 minutes everyday just inhaling bugs.

If I had a tap that dispensed peas in their pod I would get 1400 green beans and cure world hunger (feed my dog).

Imagine a world where you could press a button to choose to get $10m except there's a 10% chance that every day your gall bladder explodes.

I think I should kill myself so I can die happy. I love my chungus life.

Top tomato.

Creep that says "I think my penis has stopped breathing, do you know CPR?" except he then whips it out to reveal his penis has a face and has in fact choked to death.

Six million elixir in my elixir storage (six million beers in my belly).

Went to Cool and Beautiful town and everyone knew me.

Slay the house down boots style.

Sparkles. ✨✨✨

Ate so many eggs I could fuck a car door.

So covered in pussy they call me Pussy John.

Turkey cactus willow tree.

I like the glass.

Grass is the wrong colour it should be brown like mud.

That face when you're all up in the ceiling and you're all like yeah I'm up here now.

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1204479735363670056/1279107118829670461/IMG_5983.jpg?ex=686d3f55&is=686bedd5&hm=0cd64208752abc8cec630995efcbea492427529ab3e405766e7db6dc8a9e7344&

Had a Jinvithought™️ earlier, forgot it.

I want to create a van so tall you need an entire ladder to climb in and out. (I'm currently in a van).

Positively spunkerific!

Nobody other than me is real.

I hate millennials they should all die!

On me phone at the function because they're playing FUCKING YU-GI-OH.

I wish more cups were built like this.

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1204479735363670056/1282326414321913950/new_innovative_cup.png?ex=686d1809&is=686bc689&hm=5cf8da7693aea34e0af6fe43b7b3a7e7094a3c602856aeb0a2da0d39d3c78bb0&

👑🍕👖‼️❗️⁉️

What if instead of pooping food waste stayed in our bodies for our entire lives, and we just got more and more bloated, and like the rings in a tree you can tell how old someone is just by looking at how bloated they are?

Pedestrians should be so heavily favoured in road dynamics that it should be fully legal and normal to walk out into the middle of the road with oncoming traffic and they have to stop for you. It's a people world not a cars world.

https://discord.com/channels/609381622189391902/1211797528006361128/1284133443659104327 Oh I'm sure you do!

I call any beer like substance beer. Cider is beer.

We should have dumbing surgery. They just go in there and kill your braincells.

My socks feel wrong someone take them off for me.

Mom found the gerbil drawer. 😭 😭

I hate when my daylist has a boring name, like, I'm NEVER going to listen to a daylist it's only purpose is purely for the silly name. If it's boring what's even the point?

Y'know how some people go to clubs really really scantily clad, do you think anyone has ever turned up shirtless with only pimple patches on their nipples and got in?

I think my water is spiky or sharp.

I wish there was a stream I had to cross to get to uni.

If you've somehow never pooped in your life I imagine it would be terrifying if after like 20 years alive this weird brown stuff starts coming out of your ass.

@XAVIER I just spent the better part of 2 hours staring at you.

I think Gregory from FNAF would really enjoy Meta Moon Prime.

How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if I was the woodchuck and I was in a pile of wood surrounded by wood I'm chucking it buried beneath it I'm buried beneath the wood? how did I get here? Oh no. No no no no no! Someone's burning the wood. It's still on top of me. I'm next. I'm chucking wood! I'm trying my little woodchuck hardest to chuck as much wood as I can. Hot. I can barely see the wood through the glow. I'm not a wood, so I wont burn, right? Oh god I don't want to be a fuel, but there's just way too much wood. Too much for a little woodchuck to chuck before he himself becomes a living wood. Hah, we'll not living for long! Now's not the time for jokes I'm about to die over here! Damn alot of trees must've been slaughtered for there to be this much wood just laying around. Why am I under all this wood? Is he stupid? So much carbon emission from this pile alone. I'm still hucking and chucking wood by the way. I wonder if I'll release carbon or oxygen when I burn. Ow. I just got a splinter. Piece of shit wood I hope you burn slow. Chucked a good 40 pieces of wood at this point but it's still getting hotter and hotter. Gotta keep going. I'm going to pee on the fire above me to put it out like a little fireman. Wee-woo Wee-woo Wee-woo. Hell yeah, now I'm chucking my wet pee wood! Woodchuck wood chucking has officially reached 50 woods chucked, however, I shall soon be dead. By fire if you couldn't infer. Do wood chucks eat wood? Are they like beavers? To be honest I have no idea what they even are or if they're even real. Gadagadegedaio. If I was a wood chuck would I really get stuck underneath all this wood? Shit, maybe. Would I wood all over the place? Heck yes. We should make solitaire for wood. You can move various types and amounts of wooden planks to replicate cards. Would wood chucks eat the cards or chuck them? Beaver Wallace is a potential user for wood solitaire. Make sure he would like it, he enjoys playing with his food, which is wood.

Someone gift me nitro I ran out of characters I was about to start talking about Wooddoku (wood sudoku).

What if instead of freshers flu I gave everyone tuberculosis and everyone died?

I had a Jinvithought™️ and it was a really good one but I've forgot it now I am sad.

All cars should be white.

Yog.

Eggs got me feelin gay (gay).

Hot Sauce Pee Hole™️.

Sat here chammin' down on mints till I shit myself.

I wish I had an IV drip of water so I never had to worry about hydration, also an IV drip of music because I think that would be cool.

I wish I could wear rain.

Ive decided I'm religious now. Every day is a blessing.

What if instead of heads it was bowling balls?

Toilet bread: I am going to make bread in a toilet and just dump yeast and flour into the toilet bowl.

I think we should as a collective replace TimTheTatMan with broccoli.

Shrimp pie??

Burger but instead of buns its cookies?

If shrimps is bugs is prawns is beetles?

Theres so many types of pie; pork, apple, cornish, beef, banana, steak and ale - why no shrimp pie?

Top 10 times per day is at least ten times per day.

Ten twelves shop dance?

Who the frick calls them gum boots? They are wellies.

No more people, only cars and automatons.

No more cars, only people and bicycles.

There's no good name for what you wear on your legs. Both trousers and pants are terrible names.

Advocating for the replacement of all fungi (except the cool ones) with beef trimmings.

If I was a dojo I would be oh so full of so many people training and such.

Wow another slow walker PSA big surprise. PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS HOLY STOP WALKING DEAD CENTER OF NARROW PATHS IF YOURE A SLOW WALKER.

What if i was a spirit haunting the 6th floor of the library.

My previous statement is not a question therefore does not need a question mark.

If someone here is a smelling salt I need you.

I think if I was driving at 5 am I would give no fucks about traffics lights. I'd run a red.

When are they inventing anti-boner pills I'm sick of this shit.

Dildos are like vegan penises.

Oh my god I'm so addicted to 5 eggs I love 5 eggs.

There needs to be more merch from the movie Pixels. Like when are they inventing pixels milk - or pixels dead hookers?

My apples too green I don't trust it.

yes yes yes yes yea.

There's blood in my hair!

Just filled my stomach with paste. 👍

Jump a fence.

When are they inventing jerking on?

Fun fact! Water typically doesn't dry things.

Can we go back in time to before cars and kill everyone that tries to invent cars? Group effort here.

Somebody has done something to general and now it crashes my discord instantly if I try to view it, had to spam click on where this channel is before discord loaded so it was actually useable. Worst Christmas ever.

Is anyone here Thai and located in the south west of England? I am really craving a pad thai right now and would really like you to come to my house and make me one.

Had a Jinvithought last night but my phone died so I could not document it. It has since left me.

What if every time you got a boner it just added another flaccid penis to your repertoire? So cock size would just be about how horny you are as its just the culmination of every boner you've ever had.

I'm like the DJ Khaled of this server.

Just saw some guy going down the street on a motorised wheelchair singing to himself. Like, what are you doing out so late buddy?

Also I'm finally going to sleep after last waking up at 6pm on Monday are you guys proud of me?

How do you stop perceiving yourself, I hate perceiving myself. I was just walking then thought about me walking while walking then hated walking.

I wanna smoke a cigarette in the gender neutral bathroom on campus.

{Stickers}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/stickers/781322427820277791.png

Typa shit I've been on.

Is anyone here?

Quoth goes the raven. Pee. Pee big time.

Geese is bad for bread, put a bread on a geese and it goes goose mode. Bake a goose into the bread and you have an abomination, goose should not be baked goose should be free and wild and full of flour and water and yeast. More geese need to be made into sandwiches, the common waterfowl should not consume bread but should rather be consumed by bread to make a delectable lunch. Geese have too many feathers to eat raw. I like them.

Spotify free's lyrics tab should not be limited to one song a day, they're literally just driving their users to their competition in Genuis, or any other streaming service. Spotify is bottom of the barrel and the only reason I use it is because of wrapped, and even then it's a gamble if it's gonna be any good.

I lost a tassle on my jumper last year, it has made me sad. I loved that tassle, now there is only one.

Drunk.

Why has been the proper the when I am be the their maybe?

Blue beam?!

Why she? Why she? Why she? Why she?

Apologise. Now. You know who you are, you know what you did. Apologise.

Yeah, yeah yeah. Yeah, yeah yeah. Yeah, yeah yeah. Yeah, yeah yeah. :yeah:

Theres something so beautiful about tomato puree. I love it. Give me a whole 1KG can of it please!

I might take up wine.

Just went out to buy milk and it was gone off despite being in date. Fuck you Price Crunch, I hope Londis outperforms you this quarter. Dogshit corner shop.

If I ever have kids, I'm not raising them boring. They're never coming home saying "I'm not talking to Mike anymore, he's not my friend anymore.", they're saying "I don't fuck with Mike anymore, he fell off".

Will have those jizzlets talking like their chronically online just without the bad parts.

Music is so weird like why do sounds sound so good but like outside of the typical sound sounding good way.

If I had as many thoughts as I once did, the world would probably end.

Dab on the haters call me KingPizzaPants. Please don't call me that, that boy is lame.

Upon further consideration Thomas 'Pizza King' Pants is a wonderful person whom I am formally promoting to a sound bloke 👍.

If I was a Chinese, would I be a beef in black bean or a beef and broccoli?

If anyone is a wizard and project some Destiny 2 into my head and let me play for a little while that would be greatly appreciated. 👍:Destiny:

The fact that people make milk is so crazy like why are you being such a cow? Milk is inhumane.

If twelve people were gay how would they are be?

The Turkish carpenter is here.

If I had a gay wife my life would change 0%.

Can you tell I'm just sat here for a few minutes waiting for my pint?

Dude we're all breathing so much how do we not run out of localised oxygen?

Do you guys think plants would like to drink orange juice?

Have you ever been KingPizzaPants and been out KingPizzaPantsed by the real KingPizzaPants because you're a KingPizzaPoster?

At a restaurant right now and the table water bottle says ethical glass. What is unethical glass?

I would like to meet someone whos full name is Soulja Boy Tellem.

Coming out as gay to your parents by custom printing a shirt that says "I'm into men".

'Why are you in a vc alone at 4:22am?' Why is anyone anything, fuck you.

When are they releasing Dibber 2?

Attention slimes and slimettes: TomPogs shall cease for the next week as I shall be at Glastonbury music festival. Apologies for the inconvenience.

Just sneezed and it smelt sweet. #pollen

Sometimes I'll flush the toilet while I'm still peeing and try to race to finish my pee before the toilet finishes flushing so all my pee still gets flushed. Sadly, I lost the race this time.

Imagine if every time you peed you orgasmed, that's pretty much my life. If I could choose between one good long pee or a cum, I know what I'm choosing.

if you think about it, eyelids are really just eye foreskins.

Hi. It is me. Good Morning. I am awake. I am the awaker.

I hope the guy that made garlic got paid a lot of money. It's in everything! Which makes sense as it is truly delicious.

However, I hope the celery man was killed brutally.

What if instead of essence it was called blessings?

If you think about it slurs are really just the words with the most aura.